♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 17=
(Revenge is your fate.)
(You must kill every last one of them.)
Xiao Man.
I know you are not asleep.
Xiao Man, I have a question.
Your Majesty, please ask.
Today, at court,
thank you.
But where did that edict come from?
It was like a magic trick.
What magic trick?
I quietly rewrote one.
Then could it be
that day in the Imperial Study,
you were there for this edict?
Yes.
You did it to help me.
No.
I still have another question.
I have seen your ability
to remember everything at a glance.
But how was the handwriting
exactly the same?
You taught me my writing,
stroke by stroke.
Of course it was easy to imitate.
Do you not remember?
(Light)
That is right.
Back then, just to avoid
the Grand Tutor's assignments,
we each wrote half.
Since Your Majesty has finished asking,
please return.
I will not leave.
Xiao Man.
Xiao Man, you do not want me anymore.
It is so cold outside.
Xiao Man.
I know your heart is on my side.
Let us not go on like this, all right?
Every duty assigned by Your Majesty,
I have fulfilled without fail.
I have never let personal feelings
interfere with my duty.
You feel a bit warm.
You may have caught a chill.
You have ignored me for days.
Compared with physical discomfort,
this hurts my heart even more.
A fever is nothing.
Xiao Man.
Between the two of us,
can we stop holding this distance?
Please do not put me
in a difficult position, Your Majesty.
Xiao Man.
What is this?
Is that not me?
Xiao Man.
That knot we cannot untie...
Let time settle it.
You must keep the court stable.
I must see old wrongs set right.
Then let us wait
for change to bring an opening.
If we stay stuck here,
neither of us will be free.
Xiao Man.
You have always given way for me,
yet I have failed you time and again.
Tomorrow night,
I will take you to see something.
See what?
A secret for now.
At the very least,
there is one thing I can say
to you without any guilt.
You are still ill.
You should not eat too much.
Just this small piece.
You eat as well.
This mooncake is too big.
Let us call Duanmu Zhi
and the others to share it.
This is a reunion mooncake.
It is meant only for the two of us.
Go on, eat it.
Hurry and eat.
Afterward, I will take you somewhere.
Is this not the unfinished
replica of Yanbo Parlor?
It is.
As an emperor known only for indulgence,
I must come by from time to time.
So our visit tonight
to outsiders,
is nothing more
than a routine inspection.
Your Majesty.
You may all rise.
Xiao Man.
Come with me.
This Yanbo Parlor
is the place that truly belongs to us.
Is this what Your Majesty meant
by a sight you can face
with a clear conscience?
Of course not.
Come.
These here
are elite troops concealed
behind performers' rehearsals
and craftsmen's work.
Others believe
Great Qian's forces are weak,
never knowing that my aunt and I
have trained our own army in secret.
These soldiers rotate day and night.
One group by day,
another by night.
No one would imagine
that my army
trains within the palace itself.
Xiao Man.
For the people at the borders,
I have prepared with all my strength.
Everything you have sacrificed,
every effort you have made,
will not be in vain.
Their numbers seem small.
Can they face the fierce foreign troops?
This is not all of them.
Beyond Yanbo Parlor in the palace,
some soldiers were placed by my aunt
in locations disguised
as her extravagant pursuits.
But this unit is the most exceptional.
They know the border tactics inside out.
Because they are
the former troops and descendants of
the force that once swept the frontiers,
led by General Xiao Congrong.
I know what you are thinking.
When my aunt and I
rebuilt this force,
we did consider
whether resentment might linger.
But every one of these soldiers
has remained devoted to their duty,
all to
defend the lands
once secured by the Xiao Army.
General Xiao Congrong's righteousness
has never been lost.
Deputy General Li Qing of the Xiao Army
pays my respects to Your Majesty.
(Shangguan Qing)
(Li Qing)
Paying respects...
Xiao Man.
I want to give you something.
She looks just like...
Your Majesty,
General Xiao's mount in those years
was a rare and exceptional steed.
This is its descendant,
one of the finest of its kind.
Today, it returns to where it belongs,
presented to Miss Zhen Mujun.
May you enjoy the bloom of your youth,
joyful on your birthday,
as constant as the moon,
year after year.
How did you know?
I searched the records carefully.
Your name, Xiao Man,
made me think
of the fullness of the moon.
Do you know
why it always rains on the fifteenth day
of the eighth month?
Why?
Because my parents and family
all died on that day.
And I
will never be complete again.
Xiao Man.
Zhen Mujun of the Zhen family
was destined twenty years past
to be Chu Ying's Empress.
Chu Ying.
I...
Look.
The rain has stopped,
but the road ahead is still clouded.
I believe
that one day,
the clouds will part
and the moon will appear.
I want to ride alone for a while.
Xiao Man.